Add non-Node derived components on docs (#3462)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Intermediate/Composition.rst

Then install the generated file and export the generated file.

A practical example can be seen here: `ROS Discourse - Ament best practice for sharing libraries <https://discourse.ros.org/t/ament-best-practice-for-sharing-libraries/3602>`__

Composing Non-Node Derived Components
-------------------------------------

In ROS 2, components allow for more efficient use of system resources and provide a powerful feature that enables you to create reusable functionality that is not tied to a specific node.

One advantage of using components is that they allow you to create non-node derived functionality as standalone executables or shared libraries that can be loaded into the ROS system as needed.

To create a component that is not derived from a node, follow these guidelines:

1. Implement a constructor that takes const ``rclcpp::NodeOptions&`` as its argument.
2. Implement the ``get_node_base_interface()`` method, which should return a ``NodeBaseInterface::SharedPtr``. You can use the ``get_node_base_interface()`` method of a node that you create in your constructor to provide this interface.

> Here's an example of a component that is not derived from a node, which listens to a ROS topic. (For another example, You can also refer to `node_like_listener_component <https://github.com/ros2/demos/blob/humble/composition/src/node_like_listener_component.cpp>`__):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a component that is not derived from a node, which listens to a ROS topic. (For another example, You can also refer to `node_like_listener_component <https://github.com/ros2/demos/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/composition/src/node_like_listener_component.cpp>`__):
```

Author: fixed

        : node_(std::make_shared<rclcpp::Node>("my_listener", options))
        {
          // Create a callback function for when messages are received.
          auto callback = [this](const std_msgs::msg::String::SharedPtr msg) {
           RCLCPP_INFO(node_->get_logger(), "I heard: [%s]", msg->data.c_str());
        };

         // Create a subscription to the "chatter" topic.
         sub_ = node_->create_subscription<std_msgs::msg::String>(
              "chatter", 10, callback);
        }

        rclcpp::node_interfaces::NodeBaseInterface::SharedPtr get_node_base_interface() const {
        return node_->get_node_base_interface();
        }

      private:
        std::shared_ptr<rclcpp::Node> node_;
        rclcpp::Subscription<std_msgs::msg::String>::SharedPtr sub_;
   };

Note that this component does not inherit from ``rclcpp::Node``. Instead, it provides a ``get_node_base_interface()`` method that returns the underlying node interface.

To register the component, you need to use the RCLCPP_COMPONENTS_REGISTER_NODE macro:

.. code-block:: c++

    #include "rclcpp_components/register_node_macro.hpp"

    RCLCPP_COMPONENTS_REGISTER_NODE(MyListener)

> This macro generates the necessary code to make your component discoverable by the ``ClassLoader``.

Reviewer: I kind of think that we don't need this bit of explanation at all.  Up above we described what needs to be done, and we've pointed at example code that does it.  All of this seems redundant with that, so I'd just drop this and leave the above.
